Sam, will you leave work when at sea? So there will be during the holiday
periods. You know, the Christmas holiday period will be broken up
Two parts up to Christmas around Christmas We'll try to do with that
point is have you know, have the ship go out on Christmas period
and they'll have a ship go out there in years and advice versa. Your
tits up through Chief, she's tryingto house load and see who is a lot
to make sure the ship is before the order has personnel to fill out
a conductor, hold emissions. And then I may ask someone, you know,
go back before they haven't you take a few years. You take Christmas,
replies person, and that takes care of the Christmas holidays. During
the year you'll have for you a crew. 30 days leave per year for
every year of the jury and you carry on the books. Uh, 60 days. Oh,
the third year you carry 90 10 years, you're gonna start to be a lose
lose situation. You can't carry over for fiscal years, another war,
so use it when you got